[Custom Elements with Native Element Behaviors] Add other considered alternative (#1153)
MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers: ElementInternalsType/explainer.md

Both `extends` and `is` are supported in Firefox and Chromium-based browsers. However, this solution has limitations, such as not being able to attach shadow trees to (most) customized built-in elements. Citing these limitations, Safari doesn't plan to support customized built-ins in this way and have shared their objections here: https://github.com/WebKit/standards-positions/issues/97#issuecomment-1328880274. As such, `extends` and `is` are not on a path to full interoperability today.

### `ElementInternals` feature decomposition approach

> An alternative approach focuses on decomposing native element behaviors into granular, specific pieces of functionality that can be individually exposed through `ElementInternals`. This approach builds on the existing pattern established by form-associated custom elements (FACEs) and accessibility semantics (ARIAMixin), where specific capabilities are exposed as discrete APIs that web developers can combine as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An alternative approach focuses on decomposing native element behaviors into granular, specific functionalities that can be individually exposed through `ElementInternals`. This approach builds on the existing pattern established by form-associated custom elements ([FACEs](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/dev/custom-elements.html#form-associated-custom-elements)) and accessibility semantics ([ARIAMixin](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.2/#ARIAMixin)), where specific capabilities are exposed as discrete APIs that web developers can combine as needed.

```

This approach offers several benefits:

- **Clear semantics**: Each feature explicitly defines which specification algorithms it modifies.
- **Flexible composition**: Developers can mix and match only the behaviors they need.
- **Evolutionary path**: New behaviors can be added incrementally without breaking existing APIs
- **Future-compatible**: Provides a foundation for reducing boilerplate, whether through userland solutions or platform support.

However, this approach also introduces the following trade-offs:

- **Developer burden**: Requires significant boilerplate to expose native element-like APIs.
- **Discoverability**: It can be difficult to identify all the pieces needed to emulate a specific native element.
- **Implementation complexity**: Involves maintaining a larger number of individual features.

> - **Reduced granularity benefits**: Since developers may need to opt into multiple related behaviors to achieve complete functionality, this can diminish the benefits of the granular approach.

Author: Expanded this point and added sample code.
